What else do you want to do?
Did I let you go?
We don't buy it, what else do you want?
You delayed me for so long, just leave
Did I allow it?
You take your two little poor ghosts
Kneel down and apologize
Forget it
Don't bully my mother
Yo, the little thing is quite protective
What kind of onion is your dad?
Annoyed our Chen family
Clean up with your dad
Don't touch my son
How dare you push me?
How dare you hit me?
Did you get slapped for the first time when you grew up?
I thought someone as defiant as you
I have suffered a lot since I was a child
You bitch dare to mock me
Call my bodyguard
Give him some color and see who's coming
Why does this figure look like him?
Chen Shao is here to buy something for his nephew?
There are so many people around your store today.
It's hilarious.
Sir, this poor woman takes two little poor ghosts
Offended Mrs. Chen
It is being cleaned up by Mrs. Chen
Dare to hit me